yep
we tell you how you began yet gavel
undie run during lungs you see you see
it was the temp the first Marchetti
through st. Thomas's bumi fruit about
522 I felt ready to leave I made sure to
own everything I'd need to leave
speaking breathe he was black I felt a
GUI Marshall eating up to a dog I feel a
tremendous first the dog became a bigger
blood a keyhole into life as we know
head pound get the bigger i joined the
melee i joined the melee so to speak
you've got these free cops corner huh
and I mean you're always been gonna buy
them your son it's silly but no one can
tell me what to do hey listening to
nobody even you want the newsie just
like blah blah blah blah don't wanna
hear it nah nah nah nah no stop is you
hip hop for my heart I say what I feel
I'm to underestimate under it under
baby's overhead and overnight you an
understandable I demand the shoes was my
view I won't school like a loser guy in
a juice or my name's appealing to buy
your food and go every morning the
careless still do this to true the world
is up y'all wanna start getting on
fiddly but the government don't hear or
not tickles me that in the middle of
your brick you through little did you
know that we riddled some middleman you
didn't listen
I'm sitting thinking about the females
the old ones the new ones the details no
names go to us I've had more than just a
few girls I was taught young more more
fun go raving misbehaviors happen girl
who stood strong with no gazes saw
Faison and kingston town i'm at my first
pretty face we shanked out to rocky and
death skin pale long hair smiling back
in my face we never miss
how many more people have to die before
we start value in my life and how will
the young ever learn to do good if
nothing is see is ever nice and how can
we tell what is true I believe the truth
is in you boo the things that we do is
they I wives attending for I forgave
presenters oh why do people have
investment is really real tongue and his
music the only rufina I feel gets like
that i miss the road in a passion
condition for the US could be quite
found your hair like that i do my people
get mad when i go right back I want
everybody free I wanna every piece put a
stop to the woods degrees it'll solve in
case you don't start thank you from all
the troubles in my life just wanna be
free yeah just wanna be free basically
just wanna be free yeah I just wanna be
free my mood above the e I wish to indus
you is free food I presume don't say
roughly I wanna be free no the younger
kids are learning to go work little go
show it more legs and skirt and sexy
jugs to use rubbish of their work I
don't blame this type of fingers I hate
sin cos wallow in the misery yourself
Katie drowning a drink cuz their escape
route is full of the cruise making them
chips down below full and we don't hit a
humble it's cool yeah I've slump to him
a nice to read the first every day I
witnessed the rage of hope I take an
idiot pause the zipper don't hear my
words over there clapping and applause
he was trying to open doors put up later
no one around
I made sure I told everything I need to
let speaking breathe full of her she was
black I felt a GUI Marsha leading up to
it though I feel a tremendous from the
stuff became a bigger blood a keyhole
into life as we know head round get the
bigger verse my first sight with my
mother getting back to me a dick for
play when agony dr. confused it worked
tragedy he said he'd never seen it
before a baby open his eyes before he
was born and taking his first breath
ready for life on board fearless my
mother named me down on her chest
unwashed not even cut the umbilical
could say I was silent and see the blood
our war was hurt you see your boys come
first no one cares what they say is how
they sound my two feet stabilize the
ground where I Treach yeah see I live
the round roaches arises it is more
coping fly
I make no light oh and keep going I'm
going go go yeah yeah yeah Georgia cool
AKA cycle I was hunting under a lens
nobody wants me yeah valley